" Hey, Soul Sister "

    "Hey, Soul Sister" is a song by american rock band Train, released as the lead single of the band's fifth studio album in 2019. The song reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and is Train's highest charting song to date. This song was the second overall best-selling song in the US in 2010, as well as reaching number one in 16 countries. The live iTunes version garnered a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards. 


" Love The Way You Lie "

    " Love The Way You Lie" is a song by rapper Eminem featuring Rihanna. The song developed as a collaboration influenced by eminem and Rihanna's past experiences in difficult relationships. The song was performed at the 2010 Electronic Entertainment Expo and the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, and other festivals. Critics listed the song among the best tracks of 2010, and of Eminem's career. The song won many awards and received five Grammy nominations. It remains Eminem's best selling single, and ranked number one on several record charts, including Billboard Hot 100 for seven weeks straight. 


" TiK ToK "

    "TiK ToK" is the debut single of Kesha. In the US, the song spent 9 weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100. It also topped the charts in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Norway and Switzerland. overall, it as the best selling song worldwide in 2010. 


" Bad Romance " 

    "Bad Romance" is a song written by Lady Gaga. Gaga premiered the song during the finale of Alexander McQueen's 2010 Paris Fashion Week show. The song topped the charts in more than 20 countries, becoming one of the best selling singles of all time. In the US, the song peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, won a Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, and was included in annual best of lists of Rolling Stone and Pitchfork. In 2017, the American Psychological Association called "Bad Romance' the catchiest soong in the world, based on studied structural patterns in melodies of earworm songs. Gaga performed the song at television shows, award ceremonies, and the Super Bowl LI halftime show. 


" Just the Way You Are "

    "Just the Way You Are' is the debut solo single of Bruno Mars and it won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards. the Song peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100, in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the UK, and in the top five in other countries. "Just the Way You Are" was the best selling digital single of 2011. Mars performed the song at Saturday Night Live and at the Ellen DeGeneres Show. He has sung the song on all his tours since 2010, and included it in his performance at the Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show. 


" Baby "

    "Baby" was the lead single by Justin Bieber, featuring Ludacris. The song Peaked at number one in France and Scotland, and charted in the top 10 in the UK, Canada, the US, Australia, Japan, nad other countries. "Baby" was the fourth most successful single of 2010 in France. The official music video is the 40th most viewed music video on YouTube, and as of July, 2021, is the fourth most disliked YouTube video and second most disliked YouTube music video. 

" Dynamite "

    "Dynamite" became Taio Cruz's second number one single on the UK Singles Chart and the Canadian Hot 100. The song reached number tow on the US Billboard Hot 100, and became on of the second best selling songs by a British artist in the digital era, falling just behind Adele. 



" Secrets "

    "Secrets" is the second single released from OneREpublic. It was featured as a soundtrack to Til Schweiger's film Zweiohrkuken, thus launching its popularity in Germany and Austria. The song debuted at number 98 on the Billboard Hot 100, and peaked at number 21. "Secrets" was also featured in television shows 30 Rock, Gossip Girl, Lost, Nikita, and CSI: Miami, as well as Disney's "The Sorcerer's Apprentice." The song was used in promotional trailers for ABC Family's TV series "Pretty Little Liars."


" Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down "

    "Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down" is an answer song by Alicia Keys, to the Billboard Hot 100 number one single "Empire State of Mind" performed by Jay-Z featuring Keys. The "Empire State of Mind (Part II)" song gained international airplay and download sales, despite only being released in the UK. It was featured on a 2011 HP Beats Commercial, as well as on a soundtrack of the film Sex and The City 2. 


" Marry You "
    "Marry You" is a song by Bruno Mars from his debut album. The song focuses on spontaneous marriage, and has frequently been used as a proposal song. "Marry You" charted at number 85 on the Billboard Hot 100, and reached the top 15 of most international markets. 